---
layout: post
date: 2016-12-21 12:00
title: Einheit
---
I'm flying home for Chrismas. Literally, I am sat in a plane right
now. Being able to blog offline is one the side benefits of [my switch
in technology behind Baggerspion](/2016/12/new-baggerspion/). So far
it has been a pretty ordinary journey:

- Left home a little later than I should have
- Realised, en route, that I forgotten ato pack at least two things
  that I *really* need
- Deutsche Bahn deciding to stop all service on the SBahn only one
  stop before the airport...

## Cancelling The Train

I was already running late for my flight, so the Deutsche Bahn
interruption was really not appreciated. But what was I to do? The
train was cancelled due to a bomb scare at the airport.

Having been unceremoniously deposited at Alt Glienicke, I headed to
the roadside an ordered a taxi. Given the time it would take for the
tai to arrive and the 10 minute it would take to the drive on to the
airport, I simply assumed I would not make my flight. Ryanair: not
exactly renowned for its flexibility and compassion for late-running
passengers.

Berlin is really a small city when it wants to be. Whilst waiting for
a taxi I realised I was standing right next to a friend of mine (who
had also been kicked off the train and was just standin in the
crowd). Somehow his taxi arrived very quickly compared with the one I
ordered. He offered to join in his taxi in order to get to the airport
quicker.

*Jamie Hunaford is my spirit animal*

Eventually, after a short taxi ride, some gratuitous queue-skipping
and a hugely uneventful security screening, I walk straight up to the
boarding queue and get straight onto the plane.